the return of killer bean is made
possible by all of the incredible fans
who bought killer bean merch
if you would like to support the new
killer bean series please visit
killerbeanmerch.com the only official
killer bean store
and please be careful of fake killer
bean merch on the internet
this video is also made possible by all
of the amazing killer bean patreon
members
become a patreon producer or influencer
and help me make creative decisions
for the new killer bean series and
finally check out killer bean unleashed
the free to play mobile game thank you
everyone for your support
and now the return of killer beam
[Music]
do
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
drop them all blow a hole right through
your car
you wouldn't do that to a perfectly good
car would you
i did it to my mom's car i'll do the
same thing to yours
you shot a hole through your mom's car
yeah
what kind of son are you hey you don't
know
what it's like to live with my mom oh
he's nagging me trying to get me to move
out
you still live with your mom okay
look i'm doing the side missions i'm
saving up money i'm gonna move out when
hey you know what why you shut up
look i get it life is stressful
everybody needs a break once in a while
right
yeah okay
i'll tell you what i'm gonna give you a
break
do you like my car wait what
do you like my car yeah
it's a nice car well you can have it
are you trying to mess with me i'll
shoot your car killer bean i'll do it
it's not a trick i could tell you're
going through some personal issues
just take the car it's not a big deal i
can always get another one
you're gonna give me your car
[Music]
i may be known as killer bean but i'm
also sometimes known as
compassionate being i don't know what to
say
you don't have to say anything here
just take the keys
[Music]
enjoy the ride no way
wouldn't be driving killer beans car
this is going to be so awesome
where's the keys where are the keys
where where are the keys
did you enjoy the ride no
i did
[Music]
so